Edelweiss Ski Meeting 19/02/2013

Attendance

Peri Mc Donald, Joanna Jackson, Martin Brown, Hamish & Jodi Farrow,
Peter Twomey, Bill Farrow (after a 5 year absence!), Judy McCowan,
Mandy ?

Apologies

None

General Business

Accept minutes of October 2012
Proposed by HF, MB seconded, carried.

Fires

No loss to property on the mountain.

Bookings

Bookings open for a week at a time.
Philosophy is that a week long bookings during peak season is more
valuable to the club, than shorter stays.
From 1 May 2013, the winter bookings are open.

Treasurer’s report

Judy McCowan
Letter from ANZ in relation to unclaimed monies. Edelweiss must
transact at least once every 3 years.
Bank balance: $99,978 in ANZ and $24,084 in Westpac as of 1 January
2013.
Insurance Company (Rawlings) is concerned about the suspensions wires
supports attaching the building to the rock wall and stability of the
lodge. Also the ongoing structural integrity of the whole building.
Bill commented that the cables were always part of the structure.
Potentially to build a net (?).
Insurance issue must be resolved by the 1 March 2013. Martin will put
something in writing to the insurers.
Judy to find out insurance replacement amount for the lodge.
Judy still needs to get access to the banks.

Cabin Manager’s Report

Martin Brown
Visited the lodge in January.
The main ducting under the meals area has been shredded (perhaps by an
animal?). That will need to be fixed before winter.
There are some new un-opened lengths of ducting under the lodge. A
volunteer may be needed to install.
There is a water leak under the lodge for middle toilet hand basin.
Water pours out under the lodge. No access from below… might have to
go in from above.
External decking is rotten and needs to be repaired.
Leak in the roof, causes water to come into the drying room.
There is no access to the mountain for 2-3 months due to the risk of
fallen trees. So no opportunity for work party in that timeframe.
Building report items needs to be done before this year’s season.
Hamish and Martin will liaise with a building surveyor acting on
behalf of Mt Hotham Resort Management.
Items for resort management:

* Solid core doors with self closers – Martin measured up.
* There is a smoke alarm in the basement.
* Locks to comply with Australian Standards.
* Thermal moniter in the drying room.
* New smoke alarm in the vestibule.

Martin has done operating instructions for the lodge. For Bill to
upload to the website.
It was noted that 2 doonas have been replaced with Target doonas,
which was considered odd.

Redevelopment Update

Peri McDonald
Trevor Chick, to get a builder to examine structural integrity of the
building, in relation to the potential expansion of the building.
He thinks the building is at the end of its natural life. Stage 1
(additional bedroom & bathroom re-configeration) potentially 100K –
150K in those works alone. Asbestos in roof etc… He can do a cost of
works on re-building (new build option) by the end of March.
Estimate of $3,000 – $3,300 per sqm.
John Castran did a physical inspection. He said don’t do anything.
At the very least you will need a building report to get a new lease.
Car parking has previously been an issue for additional beds.
Hamish floats the idea of a vote by all members on whether to proceed
development or let the issue rest.
If the re-development option is too expensive, we can look at the cost
of alternative accommodation, which can perhaps be put to a vote.
Do we need to “make good” on the site if the lease is up. ie
remove all buildings.
Roof needs new nails. Andrew Gray is a roof doctor and might inspect.
Peter T opened the discussion of the club entity type and structure to
allow for viable funding opportunities.

General Business

Unauthorised use.
The ideas of motion sensor, smart metre or camera as a deterrent.

Next Meeting

Date for next meeting: AGM on Tues 25th June
Please RSVP to confirm numbers!
17 Madden Grove
Kew. 98527978
7:30

Meeting Closed.

