Edelweiss Ski Club

Minutes of the General Meeting held at the home of G & S Farrow on 
Wednesday 15 December 2004.

Present : Ranald Mc Gowan, Francina Macdonald, Peter Smith and           
Gilbert Farrow.  Gerry Twomey came after commencement.
There were apologies from Bill Farrow and Shirley Farrow,
There was not a quorum present so the meeting was informal.  Discussion 
ensued as follows :

Francina had received quarterly accounts for Site Rent $612 (up from 
$578) and Service Fee $1132 (last quarter $1151).  She also produced an 
invitation for representatives to attend a meeting in February 2005.

The site value is $104,000 (only) and so we need to increase value of 
improvements.  The Club has $3,623 in the Westpac A/c.

The Gas account for the year is less by about $1000 from last year due 
apparently to the heat exchanger renovation being more economical.  It 
was reported that none of the memberships of the McKern family is likely 
to be renewed.

Apparently the insurer is considering an audit inspection.  The only 
items requiring attention are the thermostat and automatic starter for 
the heater and replacement of an extinguisher.

As to increasing the value of the Cabin, Peter Smith suggested that the 
carpets be renewed and he has a contact for suitable S-H carpet.  He 
also gave the figures for replacing the old bunks with new ones for a 
cost including mattresses of about $2000 for each double bunk.  There 
are no double-bed bunks available.  Peter thinks that replacing the 
bunks would be economic and encourage more members and visitors to use 
the Cabin.  This work would probably require a large tandem trailer 
towed by a large 4-wheel drive vehicle.  The new bunks would need to be 
lacquered.

There is some quite large building development going on at Hotham, eg 
40 apartments at the old Chalet site.  Ziggy's has been sold.  Peri 
Macdonald reported on 9 square apartments going for $550,000.  The 
upshot of these can only degrade the value of the Cabin.  Peter felt 
that we should focus on getting the bunks and the carpeting done this 
summer, plus clearing the tussocks and combustible material near the 
Cabin.  Our revenue is declining because other accommodation is 
available and the Cabin is not attractive and not comfortable enough. 
It was felt that an outlay of $9,000 now could be spread over three 
years provided that we have no material additional items costing serious 
money.  It may be necessary to impose a levy of $100 per member to tide 
us over.  Someone suggested that we may have to seek new members, at, 
say, $10,000 joining fee each.  However that course could put pressure 
on the availability of accommodation for long-term members.

Last year the Cabin was only occupied for about 30% to 50% of the snow 
season.  The proposed expenditure on the Cabin will certainly require an 
increase in fees but should give increased occupancy and increased rates.

It was agreed that we should concentrate on having weekly bookings 
rather than have weekend bookings.  Weekend bookings seem to deter 
skiers and may cause us to lose bookings from people who want to be in 
the Cabin for seven whole days in a row.  It was felt that we should 
accept weekly bookings only up to a particular date and take bookings 
for week-end and odd days only as a fill-in.  The 7 day block booking 
fits in with the normal change-over date, the 7 day ski-lift ticket, 
ski-hire, etc. and should be given priority.  Perhaps there should be no 
less-than-a-week booking available until after the ski season starts. 
The matter of members' priority will come into the discussions of this 
policy matter at the next meeting.

Also discussed was the matter of money accompanying bookings.  It is 
hardly fair to make bookings without any payment, not even a deposit, 
followed by a late cancellation which not only deprives the Club of 
income but also can prevent members having a ski holiday.  It seems that 
our Cabin is the only accommodation where one can secure a booking 
without having to pay in advance and with no penalty for late 
cancellation, often so late that the Cabin remains unoccupied.  Without 
being too mercenary, a late cancellation (without forfeiture of deposit 
or other financial penalty) does affect the Club's cash flow.  Ideally, 
the party coming in should benefit from the Cabin being warm and with 
all systems going.  It also benefits the outgoing party who must, of 
course clean up the Cabin, but does not have to close everything down.

Members are requested to advise the President of their attitude to a 
levy, penalty for non-attendance at work party (proposed for Easter), 
increasing membership, increasing subscriptions, the proposed 
expenditure on carpets and bunks, attending the work party in Easter, a 
penalty for cancellation of bookings, etc.  Write now to Ranald, and let 
him know your opinions.

We may have to install an electric heater in the drying room, and we 
should consider mattress protectors, new pillows and blankets.

The next meeting will be held on:

2 March 2005
Hamish & Jodie Farrow's
19 Madden Grove, Kew
(03) 9852 7978

PLEASE NOTE THE DATE AND ATTEND