Edelweiss Meeting - Feb 28, 2012

* Present *
Peri MacDonald, Judy McCowan, Pete Twomey, Martin Brown, Hamish Farrow, 
Sandy Clark, Andrew Brown, John Guise, Andrew Gray

* Absent,  Apologies *
Bill and Ingrid and Katrina Mitton, Marie McDonald, Jessica Clark, 
Ranald McCowan, Carissima, Marga and Francina MacDonald, Pete and Dorothy 
Smith, Nancy Black, Elizabeth Laws, Les and Lou Weibenga, Alexandra 
Gordon, Caroline Ryan

* President *
I have been looking through the club's records  and searched the consumer 
affair's dept records of the club's entry to association and the rules 
thus agreed to.

Spousal membership - in the event of a breakup of a relationship, a spouse 
of a member may apply for full membership in writing, and if carried by 
2/3 of the club at a meeting and having paid the same fee as a child 
graduating to an adult (ie 3 times the annual subs plus the new year's 
subs), will become a full member.  Discussed and carried.

Transfer from child to full - requires an application from the child in 
writing, attendance at a meeting and payment of the fee (as above). The 
club requires no vote for this progression.

Transferring of membership  is not possible under the rules of Association.

* Cabin Manager *
Heater - being serviced this week
Kitchen blind and third bunkroom need attention, DVD not working
Will look at draw blinds

Clearing around lodge done by Trevor

* Treasurer *
Bank balances: ANZ $94,670.34  Westpac $34,684.91
Subs were hard to get this year - Kate Jackson has resigned from the Club
with regret. Alicia Gray has indicated through her father that she will not
continue her membership. We have not yet heard from Andrew Torn-Broers.

Insurance is currently with CGU - and some increase in fees this year 
reducible with increased excess - proposed to continue as present - carried.

* Correspondence *
A Gray re transfer of membership - Hamish to reply - done in person.

Regarding Mathew Gray
 - child to adult is a right of passage
 - process is a matter of application, attendance at a meeting and paying 
the fee.

* Redevelopment *
Perry - lease is 2017

Required development for lease, but also to improve amenity

Development can be committed to - in order to get a lease - building is
not required.

Looking at staged development
 - bathrooms No1, and then consider 4th bedroom
 - stage 2 - and then living stage 3,

with consideration of need to get a surveyor (approval given last meeting
to do this - proposed to spend this money - carried at this meeting too
to allow building committee - Perry/Hamish/Judy to elect to spend money as
needed for this to proceed) to ensure the building code compliance
regarding these changes, and also a builder to consider whether it is
feasible to continue.

Peri to look at the percentage of site utilisation currently (as the lease
offered may be at least in part be related to the percentage).

Peter talked about Koomerang development - has been a tough process,
letting the lease lapse before agreement was reached.

Plan is to get surveyor report and builder to look at feasibility of
refurburbishment.

Martin will talk to Scott McNair (our plumber) to see if he knows a builder
who might look over it.

* NEXT MEETING : AGM *
Tuesday, 24 July 2012
Peri Macdonald's
270 Bluff Road
Sandringham
7 for 7:30pm

