Edelweiss AGM 2013 June 25th

Apologies

Andrew Grey, Elise Harry, Fran MacDonald, Marga MacDonald, Peri
MacDonald, Chris Politz, Jo Smith (recently with new babe?)

Present

Martin Brown , Bill Mitton, Peter Twomey, Jodie and Hamish Farrow,
Judy McCowan

General Business

AGM minutes of 2012 – approved by Martin and Peter
Martin Brown will resign his membership temporarily for 2 years at
which time he will reconsider his position. There would be no
retrospectivity regarding fees. Martin is happy to keep an eye on the
cabin as cabin manager in the meantime and share responsibilities with
Chris Mitton to train him up.

Officer Positions

Will remain the same as currently appointed.
Bill Mitton – appointed official aerial photographer.
Treasurer – Judy McGowan is happy to keep on as treasurer for
another 3 years.

President’s report

Updated meeting on state of the cabin from his visit for the working
party and gave a brief summary of meeting with the Mountain
Management. Main point of interest being Diamond chains are the only
chains now allowed on the mountain.
A new DVD has been purchased for the cabin which can take movies from
a USB stick.

Cabin Manager’s Report

Good weekend with helpers. Glass on bedroom doors was replaced –
automatic closers on bedroom doors installed. A few remaining items to
be done – outside door for back bedroom – needs new door., and
water leak on the roof. Plenty of stock is up in the cabin. Heater was
working well – flue was cleaned. Changed some of the deck boards and
replaced a few bearers.
New keys have been cut for the front door and are being left with
Hamish for members to pick up. They are numbered to each member.
The Mountain Management have their copy.
Otherwise cabin is in good condition.
Instruction Manuals are being replaced by Martin.
Report accepted. Funds t be made available for Martin’s work here
including going to the cabin to ensure it is operating well prior to
major use for the season.
Hamish proposed Judy second it.

Treasurer’s report

$17,988.44 in Westpac
$100,456.47 in ANZ
Motion put forward by Hamish that we cancel our telephone connection.
Seconded by Peter Twomey.
Judy confirmed Honorary membership starts at 70.
18 year olds have till 21 to have the choice to become a full member.
Treasurer will send a letter before 21st birthday to detail process of
becoming a full member.
Judy moved for a general thankyou to Bill Farrow for his continued
work on the website and with bookings.
Martin raised an issue with consistency of access to the website which
will be raised with Bill.



General Business

Martin had a look at Dinner Plain property – 4 bed with garages incl
carpark for $550 K incl freehold. This has to be the serious other
option instead of redevelopment.

Next Meeting

29th October
Location to be determined.

Meeting Closed

