Edelweiss Ski Meeting 29/10/2012

Attendance
Peri Mc Donald, Marga Mc Donald, Joanna Jackson, Martin Brown , Andrew
Gray, Sandy Clark, Hamish & Jodi Farrow, Peter Twomey, Ingrid and Bill
Mitton, Charissima McDonald, Elise Harry


Apologies
Judy McCowan, Elizabeth Laws, Kerry Harry,


General Business
Accept minutes of AGM 2012
Proposed Sandy Clark, Marga McDonald seconded, carried.


  1. Mathew Gray

Sandy and Hamish conducted their own investigations, by speaking to
members individually, and found that most issues raised in relation to
Matthew Gray were history & heresay.
Matthew has declined the Edelweiss membership by email to the
President and has a further phone call to discuss the matter.
It is proposed to suspend the issue of membership for a further year
(normally by 21 years of age) to allow for him to review taking up an
adult membership, given the issues raised in the last meeting.
Proposed Hamish Farrow and Sandy Seconded, Carried. Unanimously
agreed.
Alicia Gray has tendered her resignation to the club.


  1. Resort entry pricing

Earlybird pass available for resort entry, day passes etc..
All cars must now carry diamond pattern chains.


3. Treasurer's report
Judy McCowan
$97,000 in ANZ and $20,000 in Westpac.


4. Cabin Manager's Report
Martin Brown

Feedback from Scott McNair - heater gets condensation back into
the unit. The flu needs to be realigned to allow proper air flow.
Problem with feral cats. A cage has been put under the decking, with
no cats caught to date. Franciana has seen a tabby cat below the
cabin.

Investigate rat & stoat trap - "Goodnature A24". Hamish
will investigate.

Phil Davern has prepared a fire safety report. President to review.
Report states there are new regulations for Class 3 buildings, which
makes the cabin non-complaint. It recommends exit signage, sliding
bolts, bedroom doors need to be solid and self closing, new front door
lock (must not be a deadlock). Works must be completed before next
season.
He mentioned a fire sensor in basement, which he could not find.
Apparently there is one.
To be a Class 1b building, the lodge needs to be for 12 beds (cabin is
currently 14 beds).

Peri thinks the works will not be too expensive and would not outweigh
the loss of 2 beds.

Updating of Cabin Operating Procedures document, which will be put up
on the website.

Fire Audit plan is also to be re-worked and updated.
Proposed Hamish Farrow, Seconded XXX.


5. Redevelopment Update
Peri McDonald
No progress to date.

John Castran (JC) says that nobody has been kicked off the mountain
when their lease has expired. JC said that we should be putting a coat
of paint on and applying for a lease extension.
JC would give view on lease extension after viewing the building. He
is of the view that prefab quality is not good. He will give his
contacts.

He says $3500K per meter is the current cost. Lodge is currently
250sqm, which is a $1 million build cost for a replacement building.
Peri will forward the completed Stokes Pernareport to the President.


6. General Business
Meeting Attendance is poor. Ingrid suggests that attendance at least 1
meeting or workparty per annum would be good, so no one is anonymous.
Participation is encouraged.

More members - President suggests what are we offering? Joining
fee is about $5K for new members.

Hamish suggested of pizza dinner for next meeting

Lou & Les are going up over summer and thought they would do some
cleaning up around the club??

Ingrid - Washing bedding at White Crystal needs to be undertaken.

Hamish - Easter and Labour Day weekend for working party.

Peri to check roof when he is next up on the mountain.
Suggestion of the roof needing repaired - looks like it is
buckling.

Ingrid - is washing machine leaking?


Financial Hardship Applications
A private approach can be made to the President and Treasurer on a
case-by-case basis.

Applications to be made on an annual basis.

A scenario would be an overseas membership rate and changed visitors
rates if you attend with a member. Membership would not be active
until full rates are paid again.

Proposed Sandy Clarke, Hamish Farrow Seconded, carried.

Next meeting
Tuesday 19 Feb at Hamish and Jodie's -
Pizzas provided, attendees to bring a drink!
Please RSVP to confirm numbers!
17 Madden Grove
Kew. 98527978
7 for 7:30 !!


Meeting Closed.
